Update alexa.smart_home.markdown (#28404)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alexa.smart_home.markdown

- Find the skill you just created, click `Edit` link in the `Actions` column.
- Click `ACCOUNT LINKING` in the left navigation bar of build page
- Do not turn on the "Allow users to link their account to your skill from within your application or website" switch. This will require a Redirect URI, which won't work.

> - Input all information required. Assuming your Home Assistant can be accessed by `https://[YOUR HOME ASSISTANT URL]` (IMPORTANT - Alexa account linking will NOT work with a non-standard port, so do not include a :1234 or similar port number, it MUST be on port 443 (use your firewall to forward))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Input all information required. Assuming your Home Assistant can be accessed by `https://[YOUR HOME ASSISTANT URL]`. Alexa account linking does not work with a non-standard port. You must use port 443. Use your firewall to forward, if needed. Using a `:1234` or a similar port number will not work.
```
